sdk/trace: propagate SpanExporter.Shutdown error from BatchSpanProcessor (#8197)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix gzipped request body replay on redirect in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlpmetric/otlpmetrichttp`. (#8135)
- Fix gzipped request body replay on redirect in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlplog/otlploghttp`. (#8152)
- `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/prometheus` now uses `Value.String` formatting for label values following the [OpenTelemetry AnyValue representation for non-OTLP protocols](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/common/#anyvalue). (#8170)

> - Propagate `SpanExporter.Shutdown` errors from `BatchSpanProcessor.Shutdown` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/trace`. (#8197)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Propagate errors from the exporter when calling `Shutdown` on `BatchSpanProcessor` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/trace`. (#8197)
```

Author: Done.
